# 2020-08-13 Meeting minutes

**Date/Time**
2020-08-13 6:00 AM PST UTC-7

**Webconference links**
https://zoom.us/j/95784331715
Meeting ID: 957 8433 1715
Passcode: 568954

**Meeting Recording**
https://youtu.be/cI7pAmPLPOQ 

## Attendees

**Present**
- Alysson Franklin (08-13)
- Andrea Rosenbusch (08-13)
- Celeste Espinoza (08-13)
- Mark Wolfe (08-13)
- Paolo Montevecchi (08-13)
- Luis Alveart (08-13)
- Grace Lau (08-13)

**Absent**
- Andrew Jung
- Sam Ashlee
- Anita Cheng
- Asha Singh
- Krispian Emert

## Agenda
- Welcome new board members!!
- WIAD21 global event format, theme
- IA of our own documentation (GitHub vs Google Docs), communication (Discord/Email/Airtable)
- Old business ( #website, #state-of-ia-survey , #mentorship)
- Potential new business (IA Roundtable, IA Slam, G Suite for Non-profits)
- Anything else?


## Minutes

### Introductions
Grace, Co-president
Andrea, Co-president
Mark, Regional Director, North America
Paolo, Regional Director, Europe
Luis, Regional Director, Latin America
Alysson, Regional Director, Latin America
Celeste, Treasurer, Finance Director

### h3. WIAD Format Theme
**WIAD21 Format**
- proposal for a global track to bring together collaboration and presence across the locations
- locations to be able to help curate and promote a session on the global track
- Would require an event platform to support this
	- platform considerations: Vito Community, Crowdcast, Hopin, Discord/Twitch/Youtube
	- pre-recorded with live Q&A
	- maybe loop recorded
	- almost like a highlight reel
	- global track as backup for local events in case of technical difficulties 
- Continued focus on free/low-cost
	-
- Will need to develop a global sponsorship prospectus to cover the costs of event platform, keynote/speaker honorariums
- [ ]  Regional directors should reach out to local organizers in their region to discuss their thoughts, questions, and concerns for WIAD21

**WIAD21 Theme**
Theme submissions over time (since WIAD18): https://airtable.com/shrsdUW3PIFkBXk0n

- [ ] Grace to set up a voting poll for everyone on the board to vote on themes. 
- [ ] Deadline for the board to vote by next Thursday, Aug 20. Poll ends on 2020-08-19 11:59 pm PST UTC-7
- [ ] Once theme has been determined, will need to add to the Vision/Roadmap/Theme reveal that is going out at the end of the month. This will also need to be translated and available in as many languages as we can support. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pSIF5qxBOJEi9baAniUv7kcFcQ8A9URPvf7j8FiXAWI/edit?usp=sharing

### h3. Board IA and Documentation
- Google Docs for meeting minutes
- YouTube for meeting recordings (unlisted), linked in minutes
- Airtable for project management
- Salesforce for CRM
- Discord and Email for communication 

### h3. Other business
#### h4. Website
Website should be an exemplar for good structure. We need to make sure that we have a site to support the global track, local events, and all the other content that we are curating, creating, and supporting. 

If you want to join the projects, 
- check out and contribute to the documentation (charter, content model, sitemap)
- add yourself to the Project collaborators so that we know who's working on it

#### h4. State of IA Survey

#### h4. Mentorship

### h3. New business
#### h4. IA Roundtable
#### h4. World IA Slam
#### h4. G Suite for Non-profits
Should all have access to this by the end of the month. 
All board members will have a @worldiaday.org email address

### Other questions, concerns, questions
 EuroIA discount code for WIAD community
 
 #### h4. Proposal membership model
 - Asha shares a potential membership model that was prepared for the Finance Committee
		- Membership Funding Allocation options
			- Equal weight
			- Weighted
		- Passive income to complement a membership model
			- YouTube. If you have enough content, would be able to add ad sense income
			- Ebooks
			- Subscription model
			- Discount for membership for things like captioning and translation
			- Job board/resource directories . Have to post jobs, channels for companies to talk to candidates
				- free to access
				- pay to be listed -- as a form of advertising
				- recommendation?? -- ties to 
		- Membership benefits
			- Basic membership
				- access to Discord community
				- access to content library
				- access to job board (within your region) -- this gets tricky for virtual
			- Membership - more consultative as you need it
				- portfolio reviews
				- mock interviews
				- coaching
 
 What is everyone's contribution
 what's the point in participating if there's no decision making
 
 not sure what is expected of me
 not sure what I'm supposed to do
 
 set the expectation 