# 2020-04-15 Board Meeting

**Attendees**
- Present
  - Andrew, Celeste, Grace, Krispian
- Not present
  - Anita, Amy

## Notes on what was discussed:
1. Grace need to work on better calendar meeting communication. Don't keep cancelling meetings. 
2. COVID Response -- not complete
3. Scholarship email -- not complete
4. IAC conference -- transition to 3-weeks
  - Do we have a list of pple who applied? 
    - yes, we have a list of people from the cardsort survey
  - 2 people were selected from WIAD2020 cardsort survey list using a random number generator
    - Celeste will write the congrats email in English/Espanol
    - Deadline for response: Friday April 17
5. IAC (Noreen) mentioned that all IAC content/talks would be housed with WIAD
   - Is this true? It would be good...
   - Implications
     - Storage. In Vimeo owned by Kunverj -- concern about additional cost
     - Public/Private? Who gets access? 
     - Ideas: Possible to share with organizers throughout the year. 
6. WIAD President/Board Nominations and elections paused
   - Spoke to Andrea Rosenbusch, Zurich last week. 
7. Thoughts about WIAD moving forward
   - It's not about an event, it's about being a repo of knowledge, conversations on Slack, etc. 
   - It's a community of practice: artifacts, mentorship
   - brand recognition over time
8. Events
   - WIAD2020 Events Organizer Survey
     - Date for next year was good
     - some interest throughout the year
     - some interest in volunteering at global level/board
   - GEP for next year
     - Andrew has some candidates to approach: organizer from Toronto and a few others. 

9. Proposals
   - New proposal for decision making using Fist to 5
     - 5: Grace, Celeste, Krispian (3)
     - 4: Andrew (1)
     - Decision: Approved, pending Anita, Amy
     - Proposal link: 
   - Approval for Scholarship winner letter
