# 2020-08-05 Meeting minutes

**Date/Time**
2020-08-05 8:00 pm PST UTC-7

**Webconference links**
https://zoom.us/j/91909660109

## Attendees

**Present**
Celeste Espinoza
Andrew Jung
Anita Cheng
Grace Lau (scribe)

**Absent**
Krispian Emert
Andrea Rosenbusch

## Agenda
- review recent changes to board communication
- old business ( #website, #state-of-ia-survey , #mentorship)
- potential new business (ia roundtable, ia slam)
- one last hurrah before our board doubles in size -- are we doing enough to support a growing board? what else should we do? 

Note: we'll save the discussion about WIAD21 when the whole board is together in the next two weeks

## Minutes

### Board Communication Updates
- Discussion list for board
- Any anxiety over Discord use
	- DMs on Discord
- Hubspot
	- Anita and Andrew have not joined
	- we should not be maintain 2 CRMs
- Salesforce
	- mostly free, but they provide 4 difft models
	- some small level of configuration -- training pple on the mental model for associations, corporation, foundation, individual and households
	- need to set up a process for setting up contacts. 
	- will need to pay for integrations
	- recommend that we use Zapier during busy season
- Google Calendar.
	- Grace to set that up for board meeting. 
	- Grace to set up Google for Non Profit

### Old business

**Website**
- Check out the website charter
- Souvik's questions about features
- Andrew 
	- easy to set up templates for content types: people, years/themes, locations, events
- Anita 
	- seems like it's still an event-focused model. are there more to the idea that the talks are easier to find. 
	- Grace to dig out old research that was done about the website to see what we can add. 
	- scary headless CMS discussions
- Migration

**State of IA Survey**
- Important to continue this salary survey work
- Format of the previous survey did not include branching
- Grace needs to clean out data from WIAD20
- Celeste to follow up on a warm lead for research/cardsorting
- Robert Half does salary surveys

**Mentorship**
- last mentorship requests have been project-based and seem more like consulting requests with more hand-holding
- We need to define mentorship relationships as coaching vs consulting
- Maybe direct to Discord for ask casual questions... 
- Ask WIAD mentors to be active in cultivating conversation in the mentorship channel where people can ask questions RATHER than formal mentorship relationships. Pple can then ask to take this offline if they want to.

### New business

**IA Roundtable**

**IA Slam**
CBO - community-based organization, not all CBO's are nonprofits
theme? 
call for interest
randomize participant list and create groups
announce groups with more details on the theme and rules

WIAD track at the IAC... best talks from local events to the IAC

### Other things

**Bring back First to Five Finger decision-making **
 - Grace to add icons to Discord
 - Are local organizers involved in voting? Depends. We may need to move quickly on things.
