# 2020-03-04 Board Meeting

**Attendees**
- Present
  - Amy Espinosa, Celeste Epinoza, Andrew Jung, Grace Lau
- Not present
  - Krispian, Vanessa

## Notes on what was discussed:

**SCHOLARSHIP**
- Conferences that have offered a ticket
  - IAC Scholarship: Still happening. 1 ticket to possibly raffle off. Will need to discuss with @Krispian Emert
  - EUROIA -- Sept, Berlin. 1 conference ticket available for scholarship. Will need to discuss the opening of an official scholarship committee to make this possible. 
  - UX Writing and Content Summit  https://uxwcdsummit.com/ (August, San Francisco) -- Grace had spoken to one of the organizers and they are willing to donate a ticket to a person who has financial need and from an underrepresented group. 
- Concerns: 
  - What should be our tier for "financial need"? What should the scholarship cover? Assuming conference registration and travel. Committee needs to decide what the criteria is should be for a scholarship program. 
  - How much are we seeking to raise? Can we say how much this scholarship is for and where it can be applied for? This way, we can lock in on a scholarship price point. 
    - Example: Given that we have the donation of conference tickets for X conference, we should indicate a set 

**WIAD Event**
- FEB 21, 22, 24
- MAR 21

- Rediscovering IA in many places. 
  - Manila -- discussing what IA is
  - Organizer survey has been sent - about 10 responses so far
  - Reminders for prize reports

- Did not occur: Hong Kong, Singapore, Saudi Arabia (?)
- Not sure if happened: Sofia
- 100% virtual: Japan

Date selected: Feb 27, 2021
after Carnival

**WHAT WENT WELL? **
- theme was well received
- sponsors and the prizes were good
- good talks and conversations
- CEBU -- really want to develop the IA foundation there in the Phillipines and want to do podcast with their presenters and do events during the year. would like to chatter with the global team. 
- would like to experiment with local chapters

**WHAT WILL CHANGE?**
- Vanessa will not be GEP next year. may be interested in continuing involvement on a local level.
- was great that there was a second person to support Amy E. Buddy system. 
- Will not continuing with Open Collective next year. Seems to be extra work. 
- Have a space on the website where we post our reports monthly. 
- Stripe does batch payments and accounting perspective we have to match payments. 
- Donorbox might be a better alternative
- Several organizers asked about non-profit information: name, address. 
  - Provide a page where we can automate using a CRM/Airtable if the person requesting that information. 
  - The only time that people could use the non-profit is when they pay WIAD directly
  - IF THEY ARE requesting non-profit, then we'll be able to match 

**WHAT COULD BE IMPROVED?**
- sponsorship details finalized rather late in the slides
- slide information had to change
- some locations translate the info into their language
- will need to give the locations enough time to translate info
- would be good to set a minimum of certain languages that are languages for WIAD and have people in place to translate when needed. 
  - Tagalog (Manila, Cebu)
  - Japanese

- Would be good to have an outreach for volunteers to translate. 

- TUG Books
  - Typically sponsorship ended Jan 30 -- 
  - physical giveaways too difficult to coordinate. 

- The only location that we need to hold the links open: Rio
